Add docs about Yoast Abilities (#386)
Yoast/developer: docs/features/yoast-abilities-api/recent-posts-seo-ability.md

## Usage
To use the Recent Posts's SEO Ability, a _GET_ request to `/wp-json/wp-abilities/v1/abilities/yoast-seo/get-seo-scores/run?input[number_of_posts]=4` is sent, for the SEO scores of the latest 4 posts.

Doing so in a website might yield the following result:
```
[
    {
        "title": "10 High-Protein Breakfast Ideas for Busy Mornings",
        "score": "good",
        "label": "Good",
        "focus_keyphrase": "High-Protein Breakfast Ideas"
    },
    {
        "title": "How to Make Homemade Sourdough Bread from Scratch",
        "score": "bad",
        "label": "Needs improvement",
        "focus_keyphrase": "Homemade sourdough bread"
    },
    {
        "title": "5 Quick and Healthy Lunch Recipes Under 30 Minutes",
        "score": "bad",
        "label": "Needs improvement",
        "focus_keyphrase": "Quick and Healthy Lunch Recipes"
    },
    {
        "title": "The Best Budget-Friendly Pantry Staples Every Cook Needs",
        "score": "na",
        "label": "Not available",
        "focus_keyphrase": null
    }
]
```

## How to disable it programmatically?

> There's a way to disable the Recent Posts's SEO Ability programmatically and that's by using the WP native `wp_abilities_api_init` action, likeso:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a way to disable the Recent Posts's SEO Ability programmatically and that's by using the WP native `wp_abilities_api_init` action, like so:
```
